Fix #1784 and #1529 (#230)
IBMa/equal-access: accessibility-checker-engine/help/WCAG20_Body_FirstASkips_Native_Host_Sematics.mdx

### Why is this important?

> The 'skip to main link' or an element with the `"main"` role allows users to skip over content that is repeated on several pages. Bypassing repeated content such as banners and navigation menus allow people who use only a keyboard to quickly navigate to the main content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'skip to main' link or an element with the `"main"` role allows users to skip over content that is repeated on several pages. Bypassing repeated content such as banners and navigation menus allow people who use only a keyboard to quickly navigate to the main content.
```
